ENH Use simultaenous sort in tree splitter (#22868)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  same solution, up to numerical rounding errors, but in general Lloyd's
  algorithm uses much less memory, and it is often faster.

> - |Efficiency| :class:`tree.DecisionTreeClassifier`,
>   :class:`tree.DecisionTreeRegressor`,
>   :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier`,
>   :class:`ensemble.RandomForestRegressor`,
>   :class:`ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier`, and
>   :class:`ensemble.GradientBoostingRegressor` are on average 15% faster may
>   result in a different model due to a different unstable sort algorithm for
>   finding the best split. :pr:`22868` by `Thomas Fan`_.

Reviewer: Is this phrasing more exact? Should we be more explicit for users to understand the reason for the model change?
```suggestion
- |Efficiency| Fitting :class:`tree.DecisionTreeClassifier`,
  :class:`tree.DecisionTreeRegressor`,
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestClassifier`,
  :class:`ensemble.RandomForestRegressor`,
  :class:`ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier`, and
  :class:`ensemble.GradientBoostingRegressor` is on average 15% faster than
  in previous versions thanks to a new sort algorithm to find the best split.
  Models might be a slightly different due to the difference of stability
  of between the previous and the new algorithms. :pr:`22868` by `Thomas Fan`_.
```

Reviewer 2: Since both are unstable I find it weird to speak of "difference of stability".

> Fitted models might be a slightly different due to the difference in the  handling of splits of tied objective values (both the old and the new sorting algorithm are unstable).
